API-7089 Document new agents_chatting_duration report (#763)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/data-reporting/reports-api/index.mdx

</Section>

<Section>

<Text>

# Agents Chatting Duration

> Shows the average chatting duration of agnets witihn a license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shows the average chatting duration of agents within a license.
```

</Section>

<Section>

<Text>

# Agents Chatting Duration

Shows the average chatting duration of agnets witihn a license.

## Arguments

| Argument              | Required | Description                                |
|-----------------------| -------- |--------------------------------------------|
| `to`                  | yes      | date in the RFC3339 format                 |
| `from`                | yes      | date in the RFC3339 format                 |
| `agents`              | no       | agent emails separated by comma; if not specififed, returns the data for all agents witihn the license |
| `groups`              | no       | group IDs separated by comma               |
| `tags`                | no       | names of tags separated by comma           |
| `customer_client_ids` | no       | client IDs separated by comma              |
| `distribution`        | no       | possibe values: `hour`, `day`, `month`; defaults to `day` |

> | `tagged`              | no       | possibe values: `true`, `1`, `false`, `0`; defaults to `false` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `tagged`              | no       | possibe values: `true`, `1`, `false`, `0` |
```
